Hey there,



I decided that I would be writing a blog again since I don't have that many ideas for my story and life is going kinda crazy, so I will just use this as an outlet.

So about the story first, since it's kinda my main objective rn. I had one moment a few days ago where I got a bunch of plot ideas and even commissioned a piece for the story.

Then I was writing it and I only got the motivation for it because I was in college. I have a bunch of problems with my college, especially what we learn and how we learn it.

We do a lot of general knowledge have German, Math and English subjects, while all our IT subjects are taught by the same person. 

The issue with that is that my general interest lies in IT and It is not educated enough for me. So I just start to code in ltr any other class or write started or something like that.

I learn most of my coding knowledge at home and through passion, my college only gave me motivation to start, and I am not sure how much this is worth.



My mom also suddenly broke her right arm, which just screws with taking care of my hobbies. Because I would have to take care of her and most of the chores she did, aka cooking, etc...

It's exhausting and tiring, and it makes me feel less motivated to go after these hobbies, and it kinda upsets me... like a lot.

One of the few good things that happened was that I reconnected with a bunch of old friends and a few new ones that stick with me, which I really appreciate :3



One factor that also fucks with me is my habit of impulsive purchases. I have a history of buying things impulsively discarding what I have on my account and since this is my birthday month, it happened a lot more than usual.

I sometimes buy games without thinking about it, items to not get into an awkward situation in a market or just buy them because I just can.

This is still giving me trouble, especially when thinking about how much money I spend on games, like, where I stick with one game and just buy stuff for the sake of buying it, since I have played the game for ages anyway.

It's horrible for me to think about, but I guess I can be happy that nothing bad has happened yet.



This is just a small update for me. I felt like writing about this again because of a talk I had with one of my friends about my issues and I think I might as well use my website as a place for it.

I will try my best to go positively through these times and, as a shoutout to one of my friends, I want to offer it to Microwave :3 Hello!

Anyway, I will see you reader whenever



Cheers <3