Raindrops Slide down his wings as he observes his surroundings. What he was looking at was a big city filled with life and vibrant lights.
No one noticed Nachi's unique design since everyone was too busy with their own life to notice him. 
So he ventured on seemingly directionless into the City center from there on he had a Bunch of directions he could go to.
On his way to the City center, he noticed an event that was going on. On the other side of the street, multiple people were running into an alleyway.
Odded out by this unusual scenery his curiosity got the better of him so he started to follow them. The alleyway was very dark, so dark in fact that Nachi was the only thing illuminating it.
At the end of the alleyway, he found some sort of entrance into the canals of the city. After arguing with himself Nachi went out and explored the canals.
After about a Kilometer of walking, he found a big Room under the city filled with People living in shelters and very small houses.
He stumbled over a hidden underground community maybe he could find answers about his origins here? Those were the first thoughts entering Nachi's mind before he had to introduce himself.
The people here were not as blind to his unusual look then the others and while he was trying to find his way around he noticed a lot of looks and whispers coming his way.
"Hey you" He heard from the distance. 
"You don't look like you're from around here". The person in question is a human with short brown hair and an armless top, their expression was a curious one.
"How do you know?" Nachi asked while already knowing the answer. 
"Look at yourself, you're not human. You are a Protogen!"
"A what now?" He asked in confusion.
"A Protogen! You are one of those fluffy people with the visors. But I never quite saw one like you."
Nachi was overwhelmed at the moment. He is a Protogen known to be fluffy People with visors like his.
"Well, where are my manners my name is Kudo and what are you called?" He asked in a very polite tone.
"Nachi... my Name is Nachi. I lived with my Family here for 15 Years." Nachi's expression was an overwhelmed one and it was pretty noticeable.
"Is everything alright with you Nachi?" He laid his hand on Nachi's shoulder, a gesture he was not familiar with.
"I'm fine, I have never really been 'Outside' before."
"That's okay, we will get you up to speed soon enough" He laid his arm around Nachi's shoulder and walked with him through this underground community.