"Nachi, Nachi wake up!"
Nachi was lying on the carpet he called his bed by now.
"Come on sleepy head Blaze needs you!"
Nachi made no effort to get up so Kudo decided to pull Nachi out by his tail.
"What the hell Kudo!" Nachi screamed after he fell on the floor.
"You wanted to do this so you better not blame me for making you show up to it."
"Mind reminding me what I signed up for? It's a little early after all," he said while he went to get up and straightened his hair.
"About going up to the City since you are 18 already? The entire runner part?" Kudo mentioned while he sat down on Nachi's like a hammock hanging Karpet.
"Oh yeah, I forgot about that part... you wanna race me there?" Nachi got pretty good with Navigating the upper levels of Fortuna so he thought he could easily win this.
"You bet sleepyhead!" Kudo said as he Rushed out to run to the Scaffolding he used to reach the Roofs. Nachi soon followed rushing across the roofs of the city.
After rushing over rooftops and Scaffolding Nachi arrives first without getting tired.
"You are insane Nachi" Kudo was huffing and exhausted an issue Nachi didn't have.
They both arrived at the sewer tunnel where Blaze was already waiting for Nachi.
"Earlier than expected" Blaze mentioned.
"Someone reminded me" Nachi winked at Kudo who was still resting from the race.
Blaze gave Nachi the same Red Banner belt that he used when he ran through the sewers the first time.
"Are you excited?" Blaze asked Nachi while he put on the belt.
"Very, been waiting to get back there for a bit."
"The moment we go out there you are on your own. Just remember the way back we will have routs across the buildings back to Fortuna. Any questions?"
"A few, should I be scared of being seen?"
"Nope you blend right in with all the other Protogens, I just wouldn't recommend speaking to them. Thair... not like you."
"Why... wait what do you mean with that?" Nachi was confused, he knew there were more Protogens upside but no one wanted to tell him why.
"You will see soon enough." He said as he started his walk through the sewer tunnels.
Nachi Followed him closely. They flowed a bunch of red sprays that were either in the open or hidden behind crates until they found the tunnel where Nachi first entered Fortuna.
"Alright, you are on your own from now on. We need any supplies you can get, there are some stores here that sometimes give us something for free. You will most likely be more convincing than I am."
"Good Luck Nachi!" Blaze said before he ran off. It was a rainy night just as it was when Nachi first got here. He made his way along the route Blaze gave him.
Nachi was not noticed among the crowd just as Blaze said. Nachi was surprised considering all the looks at him in Fortuna, it was almost like the people upside were used to Protogens.
Nachi went along the street until he reached a pharmacy, it was marked with the same symbol as the ones in the tunnel. He took this as a hint and went inside.
Inside he found a sanitized room with a bunch of shelves full of medicine. Nachi came up to the reception and asked,"Do you have any supplies? We are in need"
But the Receptionist answered "Fortuna?" Nachi nodded. The Receptionist gave him a bunch of boxes full of medicine in a carry bag and whispered, "Good luck, now go"
After that Nachi ran outside following the street back to Fortuna. On his way, he ran into another Protogen and stumbled to the floor with them. They had white-soaked fur and white armor, they were completely expressionless. "I'm so sorry," Nachi said before he noticed that the Protogen just stood up and went on without saying a word.
"A-are you okay?" he reiterated before they just ran off. "Strange" he whispered to himself before deciding to follow them. He tailed the Protogen observing how they just did simple tasks like cleaning the streets from trash or washing the windows of small businesses.
'Why are they doing these tasks' Nachi thought to himself before deciding to go back to Fortuna to confront Blaze. He brought the medical supplies to Mend in the Hospital.
"Mend" Nachi asked, "I saw one of my kind upsides. I bumped into them but they were completely expressionless. Why?" Mend was not surprised that Nachi would ask that question.
"Well they're not really like you, your consciousness is special. Maybe you should talk with Circuit about it." 