Nachi is gearing himself up for the upcoming run. He plans to go through the sewer system until he reaches a Flood Control room so he can activate the gates.
"You are insane Nachi, you have only been here for 2 days why take the risk?" Kudo was frustrated, the stress of Nachi's well-being and Fortuna's fate were messing with him.
"Who else will?" Nachi said as he put on one of the red belts that the runners use. It was filled with bags to carry supplies like medkits, food, and Communication devices.
It also held ropes and hooks for repelling and a utility knife.
"Why are you wearing one of those? You can't be a runner without being 18."
"I already checked around no other runner will try to get through the sewers with that storm brewing."
"I worry about you Nachi!" There was a moment of silence. "Let me go with you! This is my home after all"
"We don't need to risk more than we already do, not like people here will notice my disappearance anyway."
Kudo hugged Nachi "Your plan better fucking work then."
Nachi and Kudo collected themselves at the place where Nachi came to Fortuna first. Nachi configured his earpiece to his visor so that all communication would run to him directly.
Kudo would stay back to look at a map of the tunnel system. Nachi was equipped with a red runner belt and a watch, that is all he would need.
"You better not make this a goodbye Nachi" Kudo said.
"Don't worry, I will be back soon enough" Nachi hugged Kudo as a sign of camaraderie and when to go into the tunnel system.
The walkways were almost filled with Water as Nachi went onward with Kudo's help. They went through overflooded tunnels until they reached a metal gate which signaled the control room being in that section.
"Is this it?" Nachi asked Kudo.
"Should be close you should see an observation window as a sign that the room is there. And make sure you not seen."
Soon enough Nachi figured out what Kudo was talking about. He saw a Big window with bright lights in it. He saw multiple people in it and a Ventilation shaft in it.
"There might be a way in through a vent... Kudo?" The signal Broke up. Nachi could probably fix it with his wings but it would expose him so he was on his own for now.
"Alright no coms then, now to finding a way in." Nachi went in the water to not be spotted and went around the room and he saw a vent on the ceiling.
"I could most likely climb up there" He mumbled to himself. He observed a pipe that was leading to the ceiling. He jumped out of the water quickly and climbed up the pipe until he reached the ceiling.
Then he swung himself into the vent praying that he wasn't seen. He slowly crawled through the vent until he found an entry point into the control room.
"Alright now to the fun part" Nachi attached a Hook to the Opening and repelled himself down. He was in a locker room so it was not the vent he saw at the start which was fortunate since it was less exposed.
He took a peek outside and heard a loud bell ringing. He looked on his watch and it was close to Night and all the people in the room had gone somewhere.
Nachi used the opportunity to look for the control panel. It was in the middle of the room and making sure he wasn't seen he hacked into it with his claws.
He closed down all the gates to Fortuna put a timer on his way back and made a run for it. He ran through a door to the outside and saw a human in the corner of his vision before he ran out. 
The water level rose up so much at he had to almost jump though the water to get through the gates in a fast pace. Nachi ran as fast as he can untill he heared a distortion in his ear.
"Nachi did you get it? Are you alive?" Nachi was too focused on running to Awnser he almost reached Fortuna before a Big wave hit him. 
The water brought him to Fortuna where he got spilled to the entrance of it before the gates closed. 
Nachi currently unconscious saved Fortuna from the weather that would have most likely destroyed it.
"Wake up... please wake up" He heard from a Familiar voice. Nachi week to answer tried to gain an image of what was going on.
"He is alive, he will wake up at some point. You can stay here and rest with him if you want" Then he heard the foodsteps go away and a door closing.
Nachi was exhausted, he was in some sort of medical room. He saw Kudo sitting next to him just waiting. 
Nachi Smirked before resting a little more.