After a while, Nachi woke up and he was greeted by a lot of unknown faces and Kudo. 
"What happened?" Nachi struggled to get up.
"NACHI!" Kudo ran up to him and hugged him. Nachi still overwhelmed with the situation looked visibly confused.
"You did it! You saved us!" Nachi realized that all the people in the room wanted to show their gratitude. They all wore different banners.
"Give us some time alone!" Kudo reiterated. Most people went out besides Kudo and 4 other people who all were wearing different banners.
"And who are you all?" Nachi asked in confusion.
"Those are the Operators of all the different banners in Fortuna," Kudo said.
Fortuna has a system where people who exceed in their banner become Operators of that banner leading those who are not as experienced. They get assigned by the elders who have been retired Operators from before.
The person with the Red banner introduced themselves first. - "You can call me Blaze we all use nicknames here and I saw what you got as a runner maybe you can run with us one day when you are 18!"
He wore a Red Banner with a belt of the same equipment Nachi already used. He was very tall Probably about 1,90 meters and he Had short black hair with red hair. All Operators had their Hairtips colored the same color as their banner beside the one for the Technicians.
"I am Circuit you are a Protogen like me!" Circuit was the Operator of the Tecnitions and was a Protogen with yellow armor and White fur who was wearing the Green Banner, her belt held a bunch of circuit boards, a walkie-talkie, and a Phone it looked like.
"I thought you never saw other Protogens Kudo?" - said Nachi
"This is the first time she showed herself, you are that special enough Nachi." Nachi Blushes and is flattered that another Protogen would reveal themself because of him.
"Anyways I am Mend I Operate our Cookes and Medics" She was wearing the Blue Banner with a Belt that had A bunch of Medic Bags and a Defabrelator on it. She Had white hair with Blue tips, she was Just about as tall as Nachi maybe a little smaller about 1,75 Meters.
"I am also the person that took care of you in the time that you were injured," she said.
"And I am alloy I Operate the Construction workers of Fortuna." He looked very strong and wore very warm clothing under his banner and got the same equipment on his belt that Nachi had when he wore it.
Blaze took a moment to speak up "Anyways we are very thankful for your quick thinking and what you have done for us. We will be there for you and Fortuna will be to anytime in the future."
Then everyone besides Circuit and Kudo left.
"Nachi you are one of the only Protogens that have made it here in a long time longer than I am here. I hope that you do stay with us"
Nachi didn't mean to stay here as long as he did but it was his best chance to figure out where he came from, especially with another Protogen like Circuit on his side.
"I think I will stick around for a little bit," Nachi said while getting up from the bed he was resting in stumbling while going down.
"Are you sure you wanna get up this early?" Kudo said out of worry. Nachi Nodded.
"Nachi, can I speak with you in private? There are a few things you need to know about yourself before you go out unprepared." Circuit asked.
"Of course," Nachi said. They both moved out of the room onto a balcony that was watching over Fortuna. This made Nachi realize that the Medic's place was the building in Fortuna with the highest verticality.
Nachi leaned on the railing while Circuit sat down on it next to him.
"First of Nachi please take this and just connect to it and let it run." Circuit gave him a circuit board that was named 'reader'. Nachi used his claws to connect to it and it ran some sort of program.
"What does this do?" Nachi asked as he gave it back to Circuit. "It scans you and will give me all the Data that you held with you since your 'birth' as they call it." She took out the Phone from her belt and connected it with the circuit board.
"So your name is 'Nachi' you were made on EARTH?! That can't be right... what" Circuit was just as shocked as Nachi was just he was less vocal about it.
"What do you mean I was 'made on earth'?"
"That is what it looks like, I don't get a more direct location tho..." 
"Any more things that I should know?" Nachi asked.
"You were made 18 Years ago, male, signal-amplifying wing display and you make connections with devices by touch." She read from her Phone.
"18 Years ago? I thought I had been here for 15 Years, not 18. This is... a lot Circuit" Nachi lowered his ears and was visibly overwhelmed.
"I think this is enough for now Nachi, I am sorry that you didn't know all this earlier." Circuit reached her paw out to comfort him and Nachi hugged her.
"Thank you for telling me all this." Nachi met someone of his own and got to know himself more than ever.

In the next few months, Nachi made a great effort to integrate himself with Fortuna and spend time with Kudo, Circuit, and all the other Operators. 
Not knowing that Circuit might withhold something in his origin...